[HOPSWORKS-2131] Add docs for pip check environment analyzing (#223)
logicalclocks/hops-docs: docs/user_guide/hopsworks/python.rst

    Uninstalling a library

Debugging the environment
----------------------

> After each installation or uninstallation of a library the environment is analyzed to find libraries that may not work properly. In order to do so we use the ``pip check`` tool, which is able to identify missing dependencies or if a dependency is installed with the incorrect version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After each installation or uninstall of a library, the environment is analyzed to detect libraries that may not work properly. In order to do so we use the ``pip check`` tool, which is able to identify missing dependencies or if a dependency is installed with the incorrect version.
```
